    - CDP it stands for collateralized dept position. This was given to the first version of DAI and in the second version of DAI the multi collateral DAI this SDP is renamed as Vat. So SDP and Vat they both mean the same thing. What SDP is - collateralized dept position, to mint DAI you need to put in some kind of collateral. For example ETH, so when we put ETH as collateral and mint DAI then CDP is created. To put the collateral in dai stablecoin system, the first contract that we will interact is called GemJoin, this is the contract where the collateral is locked and when the user exits the dai stablecoin system this same contract releases the collateral. Once the collateral is locked into this GemJoin contract it will call into the Vat contract. The Vat contract is the core contract in the dai stablecoin system, it keeps track of how much collateral each user has into the system and how much DAI the user has borrowed. It alseo releases the collateral for liquidation for the other contracts. So once the collateral is locked inside the GemJoin contract and this information is stored inside the Vat contract the next step is to mint some DAI. This is made throw DaiJoin contract this contract is responsible for minting and burning DAI. The user can directly call into GemJoin contract the Vat contract and also the DaiJoin contract to lock collateral and mint DAI, however there is a proxy contract, which baches all of those transactions. The user will create a proxy contract and then execute some code inside the ProxyAction, this contract will handle calling into the GemJoin contract, the Vat contract and DaiJoin contract. Now there is another helper contract called CDPManager, which is useful if user wants to create multiple SDP's and later on to transfer ownership of the SDP's. Once the collateral is locked inside the dai stablecoin system and the user mints DAI, then how the system knows how much the price of the collateral is? This responsibility is of the contracts Spotter and Pip. Pip is a price oracle where the price of the collaterals are stored inside the contract. Once the price is stored inside the Pip contract, this price is fed into the Spotter contract, which will call into the Vat contract to set the price of a collateral. So this is how the Vat contract knows the price of the collateral and whether the CDP is in good position or whether the SDP needs to be liquidated. A SDP that needs to be liquidated means that the price of the collateral has fallen and now the user has borrowed more DAI than the value of the collateral that is locked inside the dai stablecoin system. When this happens (when the value of the collateral is less than the amount of DAI that was borrowed) this SDP can now be liquidated and this is responsibility of the Dog contract. The dog contarct will initiate liquidation, the amount of debt that needs to be covered by the liquidation will be stored in a contract called the Vow contract. This contarct will store the dept and any surplus that was made by the dai stablecoin system. The current mechanisum for liquidation is by  duch auction and this is done by calling into the Clipper contract. The Clipper contarct starts a duch auction, a duch auction is auction where the price of the item to be sold is initially set at a really high price and this price decreses over time. When a user think that the price is right they will by the item and the auction end immediately. So the Clipper contract will do a duch auction on the collateral. The user will receive the collateral and in return they have to pay with DAI, this dai will cover for the dept that needs to be repayed. Once the dept will be repayed, this will be recorded into the Vat contratc. Another thing to mention, there is also a surplus for the dss. Where this surplus comes from the interest when we borrow dai. So then the user creates SDP they are locking some collateral and they mint DAI, what they are actually doing is they are borrowing DAI and over time this DAI will accrue interest. The user that borrows DAI will have to repay the DAI with some interest, this interest is a surplus that the dai stablein system makes and this is recoreded inside the Vow contract. When there are enough surplus that is made by the dai stablecoin system it will initiate a surplus auction to sell DAI and buy back the governance token called MKR. The surplus auction is called Flapper. WhAT the surplus auction will do is to sell DAI and then buy back the governence token MKR, another responsibility of the Vow contarct is to initiate the Debt Auction. What is this dept auction, well going back to the liquidation let's say that the liquidation of the collateral was initiated, but for some reason no one wanted to buy the collateral, in this case the whole system has created a debt that cannot be recovered and it cannot be recovered since no one wanted to buy the collateral. In this case the debt that was created incide the dai stablecoin system must somehow be recovered and this is done by the DebtAuction (Flopper) contract. The DebtAuction will mint MKR, sell MKR and the users will try to buy the MKR and pay DAI into the dai stablecoin system. Sell MKR by minting more MKR and the user will pay with DAI. This is how the dai stablecoin system tries to revover from a debt that failed to be revoverd from a liquidation. The last part for the dai stablecoin system is the Jug contract and Pot contract. When the borrowers of DAI have to repay interest of the DAI that they borrowed, when they repay part of the interest will go to the Vow contarct, which later will be sold out as a Surplus Auction and the otehr part of the surplus is used by the Pot contract the Pot contract is like a savings account for the dai satblecoin system. Holders of DAI can lock their DAI insice the Pot contract and in return they will earn some interest on the DAI they locked. If a user have an idea where they can borrow DAI and to lock it in the Pot contract to earn interest, but this will not work since typically the fee to borrow DAI is greater than the fee that the user can earn by locking a DAI inside the Pot contract. The last contract is called Jug contract, what he does it calculates the new interest rate and then updates the interest rate inside the Vat contract. That's the core contracts in order the dai stablecin system to work.
